Fix remedy on demand fetch error (#16160)
demisto/content: Packs/Remedy-On-Demand/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Remedy On-Demand

> - Fixed an issue with the query of ***fetch-incidents***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the query of the ***fetch-incidents*** command was not formatted correctly.
```
